DMS Support for Spaces (#1231)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [6.2.0] - 2023-05-24
### Added

> - Support for the data models spaces API with the implementation `CogniteClient.models.spaces`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for the spaces resource in the Data Modeling API with the implementation `CogniteClient.data_modeling.spaces`.
```
